chore: fix typos in JS docs (#900)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/guides/how-to-add-resilience.mdx

# Introduction

> In this article, we will talk about resilience and what are the easy ways to add resilience on top of the SAP Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we will talk about resilience and how to add resilience when using the SAP Cloud SDK.
```
[pp] I think the sentence reads much better in the simplified version that cuts out the "easy ways" part.

> In contrast to Java, for JavaScript, there is no standard framework to handle resilience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the SAP Cloud SDK for Java, there is no standard framework to handle resilience in the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.
```
[nth] I think this sentence is confusing as it is unclear whether Java the language or the SDK for Java is meant. I think this could be improved.

Author: I believe the language is meant here.

## Cache

> This is not a classical resilience topic but could help to improve the stability of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is usually not a resilience topic, but could help to improve the stability of your application.
```
[nth]

The idea behind a cache is to reduce the load caused by expensive requests.
Expensive means, for example, that you need to do a lot of computation (RAM, CPU, disk I/O) or many calls to external systems.
Instead of doing the work every time, the method response is stored in the cache after the first execution and taken from there afterwards.
Assume a load issue where requests time out, because too many requests are sent to the system.
In such a case, a cache could reduce the number of calls and therefore improve resilience.

The introduction of a cache is most effective in the following cases:

> - The execution of a method is expensive, i.e., it consumes a lot of resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The execution of a method consumes a lot of resources
```
[nth] as "expensive" is already state in the paragraph above

> - The method is a pure function or close to it. This means the function arguments contain all the information and no hidden state affects the result of the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The method is a pure function, meaning the function arguments contain all the information and no hidden state affects the result of the function
```
[nth] Having a period after the first sentence and no period after the second looks very weird. Also what is "an almost pure function"?
